What is super keyword:
    super keyword in java is used to refer to the parent class object.
Why should we learn super keyword.
    1) if we same name variable or method in super/parent/base class then we can
    use the super keyword to refer to parent class variable or method because by
    default java prefers the variables of child class. We can also call the super class constructor
    with the help of super with parenthesis super();
How to use super keyword:
    1) we can use super. method name or field name to call the method or to access the
    field of super class.
    2) use the super with parenthesis to call the super class constructor.

Rules:
    1) we can only access the immediate parent class constructor or field or method with the
    help super keyword.
    2) We can only use super() inside a constructor.
    3) If we have a user created constructor in the parent class we must have a matching parameter
    constructor inside the child classes as well.
    4) If we have mulitple constructors inside the parent as soon as one is matched we are good to go.
    we don't need to match each and every constructor from the parent class.
    5) super() should be the first line inside a constructor.
 --------------------------------------------------------------
 important:
 Arrays
 Loops
 If else Conditions
 Classes objects
 Methods
 String Class
 ---------------------------------------------------------------
 What is MethodOverloading:
    When same name method exists in a class but with different number of parameters or
    different type of parameters or different sequence of parameters it is called
    methodOverloading.
 Why we should use MethodOverloading:
    1) Makes your code more readable.
    2) Makes the life of the end users easy they don't have to memorize many
    method names.

 How we can use methodOverLoading.
    we can have same name methods but we have to follow the below rules.
    1) by passing different number of parameters
    2) we can change the datatype of parameters
    3) we can also overload a method by changing the sequence of parameters

